Updating the Service binding content (#23726)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/deploying-to-kubernetes.adoc

[NOTE]
====
* When the resource name does not match the application name (or the overridden name) instead of reusing the resource a new one will be added. Same goes for the container.

* When the name of the container does not match the application name (or the overridden name), container specific configuration will be ignored.
====

== Service Binding [[service_binding]]

> Generally, OpenShift applications and services, also referred to as deployable workloads, need to be connected to other services for retrieving additional information such as service URLs or credentials.

Reviewer: ```
Generally, OpenShift applications and services, also referred to as deployable workloads, need to be connected to other services for retrieving additional information such as service URLs or credentials.
The required communication for obtaining this information is managed by the Service Binding Operator, which also determines:
```
I would revert this part to the original.

Reviewer 2: I agree, this new section seems to muddy the waters

Author: Ok, Will do

The required communication for obtaining this information is managed by the Service Binding Operator, which also determines:

* how a service consumer is intended to bind to such a service
* tools for application and service binding, such as Service Binding Operator

Quarkus supports binding services to applications using the link:https://github.com/k8s-service-bindings/spec[Service Binding Specification for Kubernetes].
Specifically Quarkus implements the link:https://github.com/k8s-service-bindings/spec#workload-projection[Workload Projection] part of the specification, thus allowing applications running in appropriately configured Kubernetes clusters to consume service, such as a Database or a Broker, without the need for user configuration.

To enable Service Binding support, in addition to one of the currently supported extensions, the `quarkus-kubernetes-service-binding` extension needs to be added to the application dependencies.

=== Workload projection

> Workload Projection is the process of projecting binding information to a specific workload, and a way of externalizing configuration. The projection is usually applied as a directory structure that follows certain conventions and can be added to an application or a service using volume mounts. Afterwards, thanks to the `kubernetes-service-binding` extension, the projective binding can be used as a configuration source, allowing the configuration of additional modules such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workload Projection is the process of obtaining configuration for services from the Kubernetes cluster. The projection is usually applied as a directory structure that follows certain conventions and can be added to an application or a service using volume mounts. This directory structure is used by the `kubernetes-service-binding` extension, to create configuration sources, allowing the configuration of additional modules such as:
```

Author: Will add in the upcoming batch :) Thank you.

* databases
* message brokers

> Users often use this concept of workload projection during the development time to connect their application to a dev-database, or other locally runned services, without changing the actual application code or configuration. 

Reviewer 2: Where does this come from? I personally don't know anyone that does this...

Author: I have got this from my latest meeting with Ioannis. @iocanel 
Maybe I just misunderstood something but thats what we got in the google doc

Author: Also, I have an upgrade for this:

During application development, users can use workload projection to connect their application to a dev-database, or other locally-run services, without changing the actual application code or configuration.

Reviewer: This comes from me. I am not sure how extensively this pattern is used, but my understanding is that one of the benefits of workload projection compared to the traditional evn variable style of binding is the fact that it can be simpler to use in development, testing etc.

Reviewer: .. and the other being security

Author: Yes, I added it since I find it valuable for the section.

The Service Binding Operator, responsible for the binding process, then reads the information from the `ServiceBinding` resource and mounts the required files to a container accordingly.

* An example of the `ServiceBinding` resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: binding.operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: ServiceBinding
metadata:
 name: binding-request
 namespace: service-binding-demo
spec:
 application:
   name: java-app
   group: apps
   version: v1
   resource: deployments
 services:
 - group: postgresql.baiju.dev
   version: v1alpha1
   kind: Database
   name: db-demo
   id: postgresDB
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The `quarkus-kubernetes-service-binding` extension provides a more compact way of expressing the same information:

[source,properties]
----
quarkus.kubernetes-service-binding.services.db-demo.api-version=postgresql.baiju.dev/v1alpha1
quarkus.kubernetes-service-binding.services.db-demo.kind=Database
----
====

After adding the above configuration properties inside your `application.properties`, the `quarkus-kubernetes`, in combination with the `quarkus-kubernetes-service-binding` extension, will automatically generate the `ServiceBinding` resource.

> Afterwards, the above configuration `db-demo` yaml file:

Reviewer: I think that this is a bit off. `db-demo` is not a yaml file.
It is an identifier that is used in the properties configuration above, that is used to identify the service. Also since in the configuration no name is explicitly specified this indentifier is also used as a name.

To be honest I feel that the original description is more accurate.

Author: What about this?

The above mentioned `db-demo` property-configuration identifier has then a double role in which:

* correlates and groups `api-version` and `kind` together
* defines `name` of the custom resource with a possibility for a later edit:

Applying your suggestions while provides better readability :)

[NOTE]
====
* When the resource name does not match the application name (or the overridden name) rather than reusing the resource a new one will be added. Same goes for the container.

* When the name of the container does not match the application name (or the overridden name), container specific configuration will be ignored.
====

== Service Binding [[service_binding]]

Quarkus supports the link:https://github.com/k8s-service-bindings/spec[Service Binding Specification for Kubernetes]to bind services to applications.

> Specifically, with Quarkus you can implement the link:https://github.com/k8s-service-bindings/spec#workload-projection[Workload Projection] part of the specification, thus allowing applications that run in appropriately configured Kubernetes clusters to consume services, such as a Database or a Broker, without the need for user configuration.

Reviewer: Support for workload projection is implemented by the `kubernetes-service-binding` extension it is not something the user will implement.

Author: Sorry, you are right, Will address.

To enable Service Binding for supported extensions, add the `quarkus-kubernetes-service-binding` extension to the application dependencies.

> The following supported extensions can benefit from a known configuration:

Author: Will apply

quarkus.datasource.fruits-db.db-kind=mysql
----

The generated `service` contains the following:

[source,yaml]
----
 services:
 - apiVersion: pxc.percona.com/v1-9-0
   kind: PerconaXtraDBCluster
   name: fruits-db
----

==== Customizing automatic bindings

> Even though automatic binding was developed to eliminate as much manual configuration as possible, there are cases where modifying the generated `ServiceBinding` may still be needed. The generation process exclusively relies on information extracted from the application and the knowledge of the supported Operators, which may not reflect what is deployed in the cluster. The generated resource is based purely on the knowledge of the supported bindable Operators for popular service kinds and a set of conventions that were developed to prevent possible mismatches, such as:

Reviewer: :+1:
